I am with is he cook James Drive and ma
Parker and we are playing bar billions
which is a pub game which Jim knows a
lot about I know bits belt and these two
have never played before so this should
be interesting
excellent you start my three points
firstly is the game is all the time yes
so where the warning yes we put a pound
in the balls will drop and and we've got
30 minutes 10 15 minutes well swimming
you're you're here of ticking noise the
reason it's called bar billiards is that
there is literally a bar in there in the
table that will drop back down after
about 10 minutes and stop the balls so
what I can point in it and then that the
clock is this week on tablet so as you
change the clock it's exciting you know
there's a ticking noise you ready we're
ready
[Music]
do you feel the pressure I tell you I
don't know why
alright first we um the objective is to
get balls into the holes the holes are
worth the points displayed that are the
ones the bottle worth less the ones in
front of tricky so it's like oh but you
get points the damn point
yeah and the red is worth double and
there is worth double yeah so one ripped
I think that's more points 30 20 10 20
and 30 and got 100 there
and you've got 50 s si beautiful too
yeah so yes okay so the and it's got a
try and so there are in the I would say
yes
yes yes okay you know walls one zero
no you get no put no points back you're
not chosen pick you nearly destroyed all
right tonight I think what I like about
this game is that there are lots of
flukes like that is 20 now all I have to
do get a point on the table it's just
and just got that from legal shopping is
not 20 points on player three if you'd
be so kind
against 2020 and I'm fired on four
that's why just thinking here we go you
got from here you've got 50 points
talking isn't she
yes
I don't tell me what the official rules
are all the rules Clause unless it's
really all I have to do
so what's the too many Bulls thing we
are those Jim st. like if you if you
have a lot of good pointers there's only
two you can be no it's not that is not
allowed to sell now it's where a
terrible at the games and this is has a
crowd that's with Wyatt and I'm just
gonna say that
yeah we've used up for the balls that's
and that's good but we now take the
closest to the foot
so this game was popular because you
[Music]
we speak city to time it's a time for
first place number of goes holidays I'm
home in the gate yes oh there's Explorer
to come
I swear this time to make up more room
30 if you like the idea of us just make
no please
you are gonna love you that was the bar
drop know you're getting dookied got but
the balls on bottles so we can you know
so we take the herbs this one back says
how we do that use it so the bars drop
so not return the money it's going well
but the end came is time like Golden
Snitch from Queens
but if it's if it's damaged gave others
anyone to win okay at this point okay
all you have to do is not found on the
point to yours respectful which puts me
in lust but no I'm nearly last place of
all by the place so we just keep going
so we clean up until I know the balls
are gone or this one left because you
get more goes on average yes yes these
professional yeah that's true up against
the bank
which which played again with the magic
community there's only one left here so
you get three months putting you all 450
so the scores would start the endgame
our 272 Jim losing less place
astonishing with 452 is it who's in
first and then it's very close it's 3:30
to be and 310 so um it's literally
anybody's game here you'll find out it's
these 450 I have 270 punched of it
you are still it Wow there's 200
potential points to get the zoning game
so here's what happens first of all we
bring this all about and then we put
this down these holes are now out is
that works easy you were
you get this you have to pop this ball
off one of the cushions and into one of
these holes
that's still worth 200 that's still
worth 100 that still wipe t-score out if
you miss the next person you get to go
and we can go to summer school
so obviously dirty linen if you miss
you're fine but we keep going around
till summer obviously it goes down here
you stop it Don him though join the
octopus yeah any options
I'm a free man
I have to go for me what I cannot beat
you any other way so you going to all
right and that you are on 300 the time
you hand means easy but you need to
there's a lot more room for it back you
know people do it that cushion of it is
no one does this piece you can fit a few
minutes and sometimes some tonalist
it's actually mark on the only little
note for that yeah this the new table is
not here no not the story Jim you are on
270 you can be easy but you need to get
in the 200
it's my usual he was here did I say
fortunes could change on the very open
yeah so you want everyone out of the
game there's no point in Jim playing any
further well what do we experiment
oh yeah points there we started you by
plotting again this initially goes
through the people it was a journey to
do all right
[Music]
thank you Tom wins with 530 points is
the Tsar in second place with us that's
nothing on 450 with 310 Matt if I beat
you
yeah you beat you and in less place well
zero is James right and that August dies
my pocket
you